all right so we are going to talk about
the biggest lesson that Neil learned
from sending out over 255 million emails
so check this out I don't know if you
can see my screen here Eric but 1.286
million emails currently as you can see
on the right side there's like a lot of
different lists the reason there's a lot
of different lists is because we segment
I have 1.2 something million email
subscribers my average open rate is 44
with great open rate yeah 2.66 average
click
255 million emails sent not all my
emails actually have anything to click
on so my click rate could be much better
if I added stuff to click on for every
single email but I don't because a lot
of emails just provide value the biggest
thing that I've learned is before I
could send emails on whatever and it
would do well and what I mean by
whatever is I can say everyone check out
my latest webinar it's on affiliate
marketing and everyone should go and
register and I'll get a lot of people to
click and register it whether it was on
affiliate marketing SEO or I could say
hey sign up for consulting services and
we did that approach for years and it
worked but over the last year or so it
stopped working as well and everyone
talks about email segmentation and how
you should do it we found that if you
don't segment in today's world the
emails just don't perform well it's not
that you can't send out generic emails
it's more so that everyone is expecting
segmentation and they feel that's the
default if their emails aren't relevant
enough to them it just doesn't work well
and even though people who subscribe to
my email list are interested in
marketing some may have an e-commerce
site some may be interested in affiliate
marketing some may be interested in only
paid marketing or some may be interested
in only growing their Instagram
following
if I don't segment what we find is it
just does not convert anywhere near as
well and what we do is we look what
pages we're collecting the emails from
we're creating different lists and then
we're figuring out what emails to send
to each uh group we're writing custom
emails now what we're going to start
doing is using Bard and chat GPT to help
us craft some of those customized emails
and then that way we can do even more
segmentation send out more emails get
more open rates and more conversions but
when we segment versus when we don't
segment we typically see a d uh a
difference in revenue of around 57 58 on
average is 57 point something I'm
rounding up but that's the big
difference from segmenting versus not
segmenting yeah it shows the other thing
I mean Neil you're going to be able to
dynamically insert content based on what
they're interested in so in the future I
think when you leverage AI to do this
it's just going to be boom boom it's
just gonna like put different blocks in
based on what they're interested in so I
think that's going to be fascinating
dude what's really cool is I was a
conference called pattern in Utah
pattern accelerate and I met this kid
and this kid's like yeah this email
solution me and two other people built
it over the last three months I'm like
show it to me and it was he's sending
people emails and you can buy it right
then and then there in the email so
let's say if he sends you email on
shirts you can select a shirt in the
email click the size and check out right
then and there without even going to the
website that's an example of even
getting more customized because if you
know people's shopping Habits Like
Amazon may you can send people even more
customized emails and boost up your
conversions even more do they ask you
for a check
uh no I wanted to buy the business but
he won't offer what I want now if you
have any questions leave a comment below
I'm here to answer them and help you out
if you enjoyed the video like it share
tell people about it thank you very much